.TH Schumix 1
.SH NAME
Schumix - IRC Bot and Framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
schumix [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Schumix is an IRC Bot and Framework.
For more information read https://github.com/Schumix/Schumix2/blob/master/Readme.markdown
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, -?, --help"
Display help.
.IP --config-dir=VALUE
VALUE: Config folder's path.
.IP --config-file=VALUE
VALUE: Config file's place.
.IP --console-encoding=VALUE
VALUE: Character encoding.
.IP --console-localization=VALUE
VALUE: Console's language settings.
.IP --server-enabled=VALUE
VALUE: true or false. Connect to server?
.IP --server-host=VALUE
VALUE: Server host.
.IP --server-port=VALUE
VALUE: Server port.
.IP --server-password=VALUE
VALUE: Server password.
.IP --server-identify=VALUE
VALUE: Identity.
.IP --colorbind-mode=VALUE
VALUE: true or false. Use colors? Only works on 8-bit terminals. (Under 256 color modes it doesn't work due to mono not supporting it.)
.IP --update-ignore
Don't start update.
.SH FILES
.I /usr/share/schumix/Schumix.yml
.RS
The system-wide main configuration file.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix
.RS
Local schumix directory.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix/Configs
.RS
Configration directory containing config files for schumix/addons.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix/Configs/Schumix.yml
.RS
Local main Schumix configuration file.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix/Logs
.RS
Log directory.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix/Dumps
.RS
Crash report directory.
.RE
.I $HOME/.Schumix/Addons
.RS
Directory of addons.
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
Main developer: Megax (github.com/megax).
Also see 'Authors' file: https://github.com/Schumix/Schumix2/blob/master/Authors
